@core/cms/README.md, before:

# Credential Management System

The Credential Management System exposes itself as a microservice and provides the ability to retrieve, encrypt, and store user credentials of external identity providers (e.g. access and refresh tokens), verify the validity of the credentials, and keep certain credentials up-to-date (e.g. getting a new access token via the refresh token before the current one expires).

### Features:

1. Encryption/decryption
2. CRUD operations on credentials
3. Extensible identity provider integration
4. Various credential types and auth modes/flows (OAuth, JWT, API Keys, ...)

### Tech Stack:

1. NestJS
2. Node 18
3. Vault (encryption/decryption, credential storage)
4. PostgreSQL (general data storage)
5. Redis (messaging)

## How to Run

### 1. Set up environment variables

e.g.

```bash
export DB_HOST=db
```

See docker-compose.yml for what's required.

### 2. Put configurations in a `.env` file in the project root

Sample:

```
# REQUIRED
DB_DATABASE=postgres
REDIS_HOST=redis
REDIS_PORT=6379
VAULT_ADDR=http://host.docker.internal:8200
VAULT_TOKEN=myroot
VAULT_TRANSIT_ENCRYPT_PATH=transit/encrypt/key
VAULT_TRANSIT_DECRYPT_PATH=transit/decrypt/key
VAULT_KV_PATH=secret
HOST_CONFIG_URL=https://myhostname

# OAUTH LIST
# GOOGLE OAUTH_v2
GOOGLE_OAUTH_V2_CLIENT_ID=abcde
GOOGLE_OAUTH_V2_CLIENT_SECRET=abcde
# More external identity provider client config:
```

### 3. Docker Compose Up

```bash
docker-compose up
```

## API

### 1. Create Credential

Upsert a crendential in the database.

- channel: "create_credential"
- message:
  ```TypeScript
  {
    userId: number,
    serviceName: string,
    nodeAccessIds: number[],
    credentialType: string,
    encryptedCredential: string,
  }
  ```

### 2. Generate OAuth URL

Generate an OAuth link of the specified provider.

- channel: "oauth"
- message:
  ```TypeScript
  TBD
  ```

### 3. Verify Token

Check the validity and expiration time of a token.

- channel: "oauth_verify_token"
- message:
  ```TypeScript
  {
    providerKey: string,
    token: string,
  }
  ```

### 4. Refresh Token

Refresh an access token via a refresh token.

- channel: "oauth_refresh_token"
- message:
  ```TypeScript
  {
    providerKey: string,
    refreshToken: string,
  }
  ```

## Security Notes

Make sure that your application secrets and database credentials are securely managed and not hard-coded or exposed in your code or Docker configuration. Use environment variables or secure secret management solutions.

Commit message:

docs: ✏️ add .env.example and update README
with updated google and github environment variable names

@core/cms/README.md, after:

# Credential Management System

The Credential Management System exposes itself as a microservice and provides the ability to retrieve, encrypt, and store user credentials of external identity providers (e.g. access and refresh tokens), verify the validity of the credentials, and keep certain credentials up-to-date (e.g. getting a new access token via the refresh token before the current one expires).

### Features:

1. Encryption/decryption
2. CRUD operations on credentials
3. Extensible identity provider integration
4. Various credential types and auth modes/flows (OAuth, JWT, API Keys, ...)

### Tech Stack:

1. NestJS
2. Node 18
3. Vault (encryption/decryption, credential storage)
4. PostgreSQL (general data storage)
5. Redis (messaging)

## How to Run

### 1. Set up environment variables

e.g.

```bash
export DB_HOST=db
```

See docker-compose.yml for what's required.

### 2. Put configurations in a `.env` file in the CMS folder

See .env.example for what's required. You can also use it as a template and rename it to `.env` when you're done.

### 3. Docker Compose Up

```bash
docker-compose up
```

## API

### 1. Create Credential

Upsert a crendential in the database.

- channel: "create_credential"
- message:
  ```TypeScript
  {
    userId: number,
    serviceName: string,
    nodeAccessIds: number[],
    credentialType: string,
    encryptedCredential: string,
  }
  ```

### 2. Generate OAuth URL

Generate an OAuth link of the specified provider.

- channel: "oauth"
- message:
  ```TypeScript
  TBD
  ```

### 3. Verify Token

Check the validity and expiration time of a token.

- channel: "oauth_verify_token"
- message:
  ```TypeScript
  {
    providerKey: string,
    token: string,
  }
  ```

### 4. Refresh Token

Refresh an access token via a refresh token.

- channel: "oauth_refresh_token"
- message:
  ```TypeScript
  {
    providerKey: string,
    refreshToken: string,
  }
  ```

## Security Notes

Make sure that your application secrets and database credentials are securely managed and not hard-coded or exposed in your code or Docker configuration. Use environment variables or secure secret management solutions.
